[Music.]
[Tom Turbiville]: Hello and welcome to Veterans of the Valley.
[Tom Turbiville]: I'm Tom Turbiville.
[Tom Turbiville]: Not every World War II veteran served overseas as they had jobs or were being trained for essential jobs stateside.
[Tom Turbiville]: Such was the case for Dr. Gordon Pratt, who joined the Navy in 1943 and was put in the B-12 program.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was a college training program that sent future commissioned officers to colleges and universities to complete their training and to help the war effort as a result of their education.
[Tom Turbiville]: Between 1943 and 1946, more than 125,000 men were enrolled in V-12.
[Tom Turbiville]: They included such servicemen as football coach George Allen, Senator Howard Baker, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, Johnny Carson, and Jack Lemmon, and a dental student named Gordon Pratt from Dallas.
[Tom Turbiville]: After the war, he served as the dentist for nearly two years aboard the USS President Adams, a World War II transport ship, and then later at the Corpus Christi Naval Air Station.
[Tom Turbiville]: Dr. Pratt practiced for 40 years as a dentist in Bryan until he retired in 1997.
[Tom Turbiville]: One of his five children, Gordon Pratt Jr., has been a dentist here for nearly 25 years.
[Tom Turbiville]: Please welcome Dr. Gordon Pratt Sr.
[Tom Turbiville]: to Veterans of the Valley.
[Tom Turbiville]: Dr. Pratt, pleasure to know you.
[Tom Turbiville]: You and I got to know each other back in May of 2010 when we went on the Lone Star Honor Flight together in Washington, and we'll talk a little bit about that later.
[Tom Turbiville]: But let's talk about what I referred to about the V-12 program and sort of how you got involved in that.
[Tom Turbiville]: I know that after Woodrow Wilson, you went to Denton, to North Texas, and you were taken out of North Texas, 75 of you, and you were two of those 75 that were sent to the Navy in the V-12 program.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about that.
[Gordon Pratt]: The 75 of us went over to Louisiana Polytech in Ruston, Louisiana, and there were 600 students there at the V-12 program.
[Gordon Pratt]: 300 of them were Navy, 300 of them were Marines.
[Gordon Pratt]: And the other North Texas student and I that were in the Navy, we got along fine with the Marines because we knew so many of them.
[Gordon Pratt]: But at Louisiana Tech, we took our classes that got us ready for whatever we were going into.
[Gordon Pratt]: Right.
[Gordon Pratt]: I stayed there over a year, and then I went to Lake Pontchartrain Naval Hospital, which is northwest of New Orleans, and I stayed there for about a month, and then the dental school in Dallas called me to come in, and I went up there and started school in 1944.
[Tom Turbiville]: You got to go back home to the dental school there.
[Tom Turbiville]: At the time, the Navy was just pleased as they could be to have you stay there and finish dental school because they needed dentists, right?
[Gordon Pratt]: Right.
[Gordon Pratt]: There were other students, not only dental students, but they were engineering students and medical students at Louisiana Tech.
[Gordon Pratt]: Louisiana Tech is a small school, about the size of North Texas.
[Gordon Pratt]: But the people over there in the Navy treated me very, very well.
[Gordon Pratt]: And I appreciated that and the way the people in the town took care of us also.
[Gordon Pratt]: They had students that went to college, but they had to move out of the dormitories to let the Navy and Marines come in there and stay as commissioner.
[Gordon Pratt]: non-commissioned officers.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right, right.
[Tom Turbiville]: When you joined the Navy, though, in 1943, did you know at that time that you would be part of the B-12 program and that you wouldn't be going overseas, or did you know that for sure?
[Gordon Pratt]: No, I didn't know it for sure, but I was accepted after I applied for B-12.
[Gordon Pratt]: I like to think of as the top students, but I'm sure there were some of them.
[Gordon Pratt]: In fact, one of my first roommates had been a Navy SEAL, and he wanted to go back to war.
[Gordon Pratt]: He didn't want to go to college, but he got put in the B-12 program.
[Gordon Pratt]: And he came over, but at the end of the first semester, he went back into the Navy as a SEAL.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: One thing you told me is when you were in Dallas at the dental school there, you recall when the war ended in 1945.
[Tom Turbiville]: And you remember, you know, we always hear and see pictures of celebrations in Paris and New York City and Times Square.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were in Dallas when the war ended.
[Tom Turbiville]: I was in Dallas.
[Tom Turbiville]: And the celebration was pretty big there, you recall.
[Gordon Pratt]: You couldn't hardly get two blocks without about an hour or something.
[Gordon Pratt]: working your way of shoulder to shoulder.
[Gordon Pratt]: Right.
[Gordon Pratt]: Through the crowd was there.
[Gordon Pratt]: And then, of course, when they finally announced that Japan had surrendered, well, they, golly, everybody was hugging everybody else.
[Tom Turbiville]: This was all happening in downtown Dallas?
[Tom Turbiville]: In downtown Dallas.
[Gordon Pratt]: We went down there because we knew the war was ending and wanted just to be with the crowd.
[Tom Turbiville]: You knew there was going to be a celebration, right?
[Gordon Pratt]: Yeah, and it was.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: who would be your future wife, Margaret, had been in nursing school in Dallas, and you and Margaret were married
[Tom Turbiville]: the day after you graduated from dental school in 1949, right?
[Gordon Pratt]: Right, and she had two brothers that were dentists in Oklahoma, and I've got a big background.
[Gordon Pratt]: My grandfather was a dentist, and I have an older brother that would practice in a little town down in the Spanish capital down in the valley, and then moved to San Antonio and practiced there for many years.
[Tom Turbiville]: The dental profession is all through your family.
[Tom Turbiville]: As we mentioned, you have a son who's a dentist.
[Tom Turbiville]: I believe you have a daughter who's a dental hygienist.
[Gordon Pratt]: And a granddaughter that's a dental hygienist.
[Gordon Pratt]: My goodness.
[Gordon Pratt]: And a son, a grandson that's a dentist and an MD.
[Gordon Pratt]: That's right.
[Tom Turbiville]: That's right.
[Tom Turbiville]: You did finish dental school, and then right after you got married, Margaret was about six weeks behind you graduating from nursing school, but you had to get on to Norfolk, Virginia for your next tour of duty.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about that tour and then Margaret following you.
[Gordon Pratt]: Well, I was sent to the Norfolk Dental Clinic, which was part of the Norfolk Dental Community.
[Gordon Pratt]: We had a big base at Norfolk.
[Gordon Pratt]: And I stayed there for a while.
[Gordon Pratt]: And we practiced.
[Gordon Pratt]: There were three of us in my class, dental class, that went to that particular base.
[Gordon Pratt]: And we were on the reserve.
[Gordon Pratt]: We went in and...
[Gordon Pratt]: about four months before they upped the wages for people who came in the service and became officers after September of that year.
[Gordon Pratt]: And of course our congressman said that wasn't the intent of the law to eliminate us, but they didn't do anything to help us.
[Tom Turbiville]: I believe your oldest daughter Donna was born when you all were in Norfolk, is that right?
[Gordon Pratt]: Right, she was my first child and she was born at the hospital, not at the Naval Hospital, but at the regular hospital in Norfolk.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right, and she's here in Bryan teaching at Sam Rayburn School.
[Tom Turbiville]: In Norfolk, a little more than a year you were there, and you had a captain at the time that tried to get you to join the regular Navy, but
[Tom Turbiville]: You didn't go that route, and you were assigned the USS President Adams.
[Tom Turbiville]: So talk a little bit about that early time of your service.
[Gordon Pratt]: Well, in Norfolk, we had a big dental clinic.
[Gordon Pratt]: A bunch of us were just out of school, and then we had two or three officers that were higher up in the classifications.
[Gordon Pratt]: And it was a good tour of duty.
[Gordon Pratt]: We got to practice in dentistry, and it was really an enjoyable time until Captain Harris, who later became admiral and became head of the dental department all over the United States,
[Gordon Pratt]: until he called the three of us in individually and tried to talk us into going into regular Navy.
[Gordon Pratt]: And none of the three of us wanted to.
[Gordon Pratt]: One of the three was from New Iberia, Louisiana.
[Gordon Pratt]: And anyway, we had a good group there.
[Gordon Pratt]: And all of us were pretty friendly.
[Gordon Pratt]: There was a lot of competition between the Marines and the Navy, but they didn't actually get into any real brawls, as you'd call them now.
[Tom Turbiville]: Aside from the USS President Adams in the war, it had been a transport ship.
[Gordon Pratt]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: And talk a little bit about the ship itself, the President Adams.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was not a very large vessel at all.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was pretty cramped.
[Tom Turbiville]: And sort of what your all's duty was,
[Tom Turbiville]: when you were aboard that in 1949 in the early 50s?
[Gordon Pratt]: Well, my duty was as a dentist.
[Gordon Pratt]: I was to take care of the passengers that we took.
[Gordon Pratt]: We were dependent transport at that time and also a supply ship for the bases like Guantanamo Bay.
[Gordon Pratt]: And we would leave Norfolk and go up to New York and pick up supplies and people, come back down to Guantanamo Bay.
[Gordon Pratt]: And we had people there that were in the Navy and had dependents that came down to stay with them.
[Gordon Pratt]: And then we went on down to Trinidad, which is off of the coast of Venezuela.
[Gordon Pratt]: And then we went over to Panama, Cocosola, and we had very limited duty there.
[Gordon Pratt]: Cocosolo was, at that time, was a hot spot for the people who didn't like service men.
[Gordon Pratt]: And so we couldn't go in and just have a good time or anything.
[Gordon Pratt]: But then from there, we'd come back up
[Gordon Pratt]: go back home to Norfolk, Virginia and repack the ship and get our orders and take off again and go be gone for about a month.
[Tom Turbiville]: For about a month at a time you were gone, whether it was taking supplies and taking dependents.
[Tom Turbiville]: You talked about Trinidad when you were
[Tom Turbiville]: Floating the Caribbean, you talked about Trinidad being a very cosmopolitan city.
[Gordon Pratt]: Very, very much so.
[Gordon Pratt]: I'd been to New York before several times, and it was a cosmopolitan city.
[Gordon Pratt]: But Trinidad, the Port of Spain in Trinidad, you had one place you could go right next door.
[Gordon Pratt]: It'd be a Chinese place, a Japanese place, all sorts of countries down the road.
[Gordon Pratt]: they just treated everybody just like they were friends.
[Gordon Pratt]: We enjoyed that.
[Gordon Pratt]: And then we'd go up with the natives up and watch them dance till four o'clock in the morning and wonder how they got to work the next morning.
[Gordon Pratt]: But we found out later the way their seeker was taking a four hour siesta and a nap after lunch.
[Tom Turbiville]: Sounds like a great idea.
[Tom Turbiville]: We could learn from that.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed.
[Tom Turbiville]: You talked about the,
[Tom Turbiville]: One of the ports that you visited was Puerto Rico, and sort of the things that you saw there that were really sort of sad.
[Gordon Pratt]: Puerto Rico, when we first came into the bank and went down to our port where we were to deliver supplies and some people,
[Gordon Pratt]: As we went along, on the one side was hills, and on the other side was the beach.
[Gordon Pratt]: And on the beach, which was about, oh, I'd say 50 feet wide, you could see big cardboard boxes for refrigerators or washing machines and things of that size.
[Gordon Pratt]: People were living there.
[Gordon Pratt]: That was their home.
[Gordon Pratt]: That was the first time I'd ever seen that many people homeless.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right, right.
[Tom Turbiville]: Being on the USS President Adams, you were talking about some of the dependents that were on the ship, on the transport ship, and some of them had not been on a ship before, and they weren't used to some of the rough seas, and you yourself had to get used to that too, especially as a dentist.
[Tom Turbiville]: I guess there were times that you had your hands in people's mouth that it wasn't all that smooth, right?
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Gordon Pratt]: When you were working while we were out at sea, you had to be very, very careful because the ship could float real quick.
[Gordon Pratt]: I mean, you hit a big, big wave.
[Gordon Pratt]: It would go up.
[Gordon Pratt]: It was a normal that normally it traveled just like an automobile.
[Gordon Pratt]: You were just riding.
[Gordon Pratt]: But boy, it was dangerous when you were working because when it went, you either went with it or you caused a lot of problems in the mouth.
[Gordon Pratt]: But I was very fortunate that most of the patients I worked on were good patients and let me do the work that needed to be done.
[Gordon Pratt]: And when I was on board ship, I haven't heard any different.
[Gordon Pratt]: At the time I came off of the ship, I had set a record for taking care of a number of people that went with us and also of the ship crew.
[Gordon Pratt]: When we would hit port back in Norfolk, if they had some bad work to be done, I'd send them over to the dental clinic at Norfolk so there wouldn't be any chance of them getting injured anymore.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: the people that were, the dependents, the families that were on the USS President Adams.
[Tom Turbiville]: And one of your duties or your jobs besides performing dentistry was really to just sort of be a counselor, be a friend to these people.
[Tom Turbiville]: And you met a lot of different interesting people.
[Gordon Pratt]: Very much so.
[Gordon Pratt]: The first trip we went, when we went to New York, the first people, the person that we picked up was a woman that
[Gordon Pratt]: who had lost her father who lived in New York and she was from Guantanamo Bay.
[Gordon Pratt]: And so when we just became friends and then we
[Gordon Pratt]: The people in Guantanamo Bay, the naval station there, accepted us pretty good too.
[Gordon Pratt]: And she would have, when our ship would come to Guantanamo Bay, she would usually have four or five of the officers out for dinner.
[Gordon Pratt]: And she had a little one-year-old and a two-year-old that could swim better than the people.
[Gordon Pratt]: that could swim better than I could actually.
[Gordon Pratt]: Because they'd just dive in the water and go zoom it across there and come back.
[Gordon Pratt]: And it was amazing to me.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: We have a couple of pictures.
[Tom Turbiville]: You talked about that the USS President Adams had been a transport ship in World War II.
[Tom Turbiville]: And there it is.
[Tom Turbiville]: There's the ship that you served on for a couple of years.
[Tom Turbiville]: And as you can tell, this is a transport ship.
[Tom Turbiville]: There's not a lot of room to move around.
[Tom Turbiville]: At least up on top deck, anyway.
[Gordon Pratt]: Well, down below, yeah.
[Gordon Pratt]: It went down about three or four flights.
[Gordon Pratt]: There's a close-up photograph of the... During the actual fighting over in the Pacific, this was a troop transport that carried about 3,000 troops on it at one time.
[Gordon Pratt]: Wow.
[Gordon Pratt]: And they just were stacked on the whole thing.
[Tom Turbiville]: Just getting from one place to another.
[Tom Turbiville]: Now this photograph is not on the President Adams.
[Tom Turbiville]: This is a personal picture that I took at a recent visit to the USS Lexington in Corpus Christi.
[Tom Turbiville]: And I only include this just to give people kind of an idea of what a dental exam room looks like on a Navy vessel.
[Tom Turbiville]: And this was on the Lexington, the USS Lexington.
[Tom Turbiville]: And I'm sure that this probably didn't look anything like your exam room, but you can see sort of the equipment from back then
[Tom Turbiville]: and the cramped quarters, right?
[Gordon Pratt]: Yeah, very, very much so.
[Gordon Pratt]: Yeah, yeah.
[Gordon Pratt]: You didn't have a whole lot of operatories.
[Gordon Pratt]: You just, on the board of our ship, we had one.
[Gordon Pratt]: That's right.
[Gordon Pratt]: And you worked on a patient, and then they got up, and another one sat out in the chair later.
[Tom Turbiville]: One thing I saw in that picture was the old Spit Basin.
[Tom Turbiville]: I mean, we still got the old Spit Basin.
[Tom Turbiville]: That's one thing that's never changed, right?
[Tom Turbiville]: After the USS President Adams, then you were assigned to Corpus Christi to the Naval Air Station.
[Tom Turbiville]: Not a duty that you particularly liked, but you did serve for a time there as the dentist on base there.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about that duty.
[Gordon Pratt]: Well, that duty was a lot different than the Norfolk.
[Gordon Pratt]: At Norfolk, we had duty
[Gordon Pratt]: when we were on what we called on duty, you could go home after five o'clock and stay.
[Gordon Pratt]: And if they had an emergency, one of the corpsmen would call you and he would either take care of it there
[Gordon Pratt]: get them to come in the next morning, or if it was real severe pain, we would have to come in to ride the streetcar over to the base and go in to work on them.
[Gordon Pratt]: In Corpus Christi, though, the captain of the dental clinic there wanted everybody to be regular Navy, wear uniforms and stand examinations
[Gordon Pratt]: for it and everything.
[Gordon Pratt]: If you had the duty, you stayed on base.
[Gordon Pratt]: My wife was pregnant with Gordon Jr.
[Gordon Pratt]: And we were living with a classmate of mine that had been in the Navy and was still stationed down there.
[Gordon Pratt]: And he was getting out.
[Gordon Pratt]: And they got out and left us an apartment for about three months.
[Gordon Pratt]: And then we got out and went to San Marcos to live.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were on base for about three months, like you said, in the early 50s.
[Tom Turbiville]: You stayed in the reserves, though, and you eventually actually retired, I guess, from the reserves in 1963.
[Tom Turbiville]: So 20 years in all serving in the Navy.
[Tom Turbiville]: But let's move on past that because, like you said, you moved to San Marcos where your parents had moved from Laredo when you were in dental school.
[Tom Turbiville]: Is that right?
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: And that's where Gordon Jr.
[Tom Turbiville]: was born.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: But you decided to move.
[Tom Turbiville]: Your first choice was to go back to Dallas, but that was just too expensive, so tell us where you ended up.
[Gordon Pratt]: I ended up in the big town of Mahale, which at that particular time when I moved there,
[Gordon Pratt]: had the population sign on, you know, where the state puts how many in there, of about 7,300.
[Gordon Pratt]: The last time I went through there two years ago, they still had the same sign of 7,300.
[Gordon Pratt]: I had found out though that
[Gordon Pratt]: In the 1920s, when the oil fields were really hitting Texas, they had over 27,000 people there in and around Mejia.
[Gordon Pratt]: But they didn't stay long as soon as the oil shut down when they left it.
[Gordon Pratt]: We had lots of good friends there.
[Gordon Pratt]: I had met Dr. Ritchie, and when I got out of the service, he had asked me to come by and see him.
[Gordon Pratt]: He was thinking about taking in somebody, and it ended up, when I got up here,
[Gordon Pratt]: told me, well, he was taking in his cousin, Tom King.
[Gordon Pratt]: And Tom was wanting to go to dental school and get his graduate degree in orthodontics.
[Gordon Pratt]: And he wanted to just turn his office over to all his patients to me.
[Gordon Pratt]: So in 1957, we ended up moving down here and I took over Tom King's practice.
[Gordon Pratt]: Dr. Ritchie and I had four operatories that we shared.
[Gordon Pratt]: And then he hired a dental hygienist and gave her one of them.
[Gordon Pratt]: And we were just bumping shoulders all the time to use a third operatories for emergencies and examinations and things.
[Gordon Pratt]: And so one day I went in to him and I said, you know, we're kind of crowded here.
[Gordon Pratt]: And he said, Dr. Ritchie,
[Gordon Pratt]: who was a great guy.
[Gordon Pratt]: He was really great.
[Tom Turbiville]: Dr. Howard Ritchie.
[Gordon Pratt]: Yeah.
[Gordon Pratt]: He said, well, Gordon, he said, we're to the point where we're either going to have to build on the building here or if you do what you want to do.
[Gordon Pratt]: And so I said, well, I believe I'm going to move.
[Gordon Pratt]: So I called Bill Fitch, who had gone to school.
[Gordon Pratt]: with my older brother and graduated from Woodrow also in Dallas.
[Gordon Pratt]: And he was down here building apartments and selling land.
[Gordon Pratt]: And he sold me the lot on the other end of this Mary Lake.
[Tom Turbiville]: Mr. Fitch owned a lot of land in our town, and he had a lot for you, right, over on Mary Lake.
[Gordon Pratt]: Yeah, and so on the corner of Mary Lake and Hollickley, and so I bought the lake, I mean, bought the area there and built my building and a parking lot behind the building for staff and a little parking area out in front.
[Gordon Pratt]: And across the street from me lived the state representative Brown.
[Gordon Pratt]: And we got tickled at him.
[Gordon Pratt]: I'd go home and laugh about it.
[Gordon Pratt]: It wasn't really funny, and yet it was.
[Gordon Pratt]: He'd come over every time.
[Gordon Pratt]: They'd put a big pile of used logs that they didn't use all of them.
[Gordon Pratt]: they'd put them out in the back and he'd come over the next day, when are you going to move these off?
[Gordon Pratt]: So finally I said, look, as soon as we get this building completed,
[Gordon Pratt]: I'll get the grounds here looking good, which I did.
[Tom Turbiville]: You moved into the home that you're still living in, Brian, in 1959.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: And you and Margaret raised your family there, three girls and two boys.
[Tom Turbiville]: We mentioned Donna and Gordon, also Betty Ann, who's a hygienist, and Paul and Shea.
[Tom Turbiville]: Those are your children.
[Tom Turbiville]: You lost Margaret in 2007, I know.
[Gordon Pratt]: We moved into our new church up on Cambridge Road at Cambridge Drive.
[Gordon Pratt]: on her birthday in 2007.
[Gordon Pratt]: And that was a Sunday.
[Gordon Pratt]: And when we moved in, of course, everybody could barely get in because of the new church.
[Gordon Pratt]: And she leaned over to me and says, well, our preacher will be moving on pretty soon.
[Gordon Pratt]: And sure enough, at the end of the week,
[Gordon Pratt]: Tim said he wanted to go back to the original church up above Wichita Falls.
[Gordon Pratt]: She laughed about it and I said, how did you know he was going to move?
[Gordon Pratt]: She said, well, every time we added on or built anything in our church, says the preacher always moves pretty soon.
[Tom Turbiville]: And that's a mighty big church.
[Tom Turbiville]: We've just got a couple of minutes left and I promised that we would talk about the trip that
[Tom Turbiville]: that I got to take with you and about 100 other veterans back in May of 2010, the Lone Star Honor Flight.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was a great 24-hour adventure where we went from here to Washington, D.C.
[Tom Turbiville]: and back, and we got to see a lot of wonderful things.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about your memories of that trip.
[Gordon Pratt]: Well, it was a trip that really surprised me.
[Gordon Pratt]: I've been to Washington several times, but I never had been out in the Memorial Park or Arlington Cemetery.
[Gordon Pratt]: It was very, very enjoyable, very surprising, though, how many people would come up.
[Gordon Pratt]: I was being pushed in a wheelchair by Dr. Hall, who was my guardian, and he said, you're not going to walk except where you just have to, which to get on the planes, you have to take your shoes off.
[Gordon Pratt]: I don't know why they don't take your pants off, too, after the guy tried to blow up the plane.
[Gordon Pratt]: But anyway, he pushed me all around there and we had a wonderful time.
[Gordon Pratt]: It really was a memorable 24 hours.
[Gordon Pratt]: It really was.
[Gordon Pratt]: We left here at 3.30 one morning and got back at 3.30 the next morning.
[Gordon Pratt]: That's right.
[Gordon Pratt]: And I tell you what.
[Gordon Pratt]: We hardly had time to snooze any moment.
[Gordon Pratt]: But it was a very, very wonderful thing.
[Gordon Pratt]: And I can't say enough about the people at Continental Airlines that flew us up there.
[Gordon Pratt]: They gave us a breakfast and a supper.
[Tom Turbiville]: And a steak dinner.
[Gordon Pratt]: And a steak dinner.
[Tom Turbiville]: We're out of time, but it was a great time and it was great to be on that trip with you and the rest of them.
[Gordon Pratt]: Thank you for having me on your program.
[Tom Turbiville]: Thank you, Dr. Pratt.
[Tom Turbiville]: During his time on board the USS President Adams, Gordon Pratt best recalls the people he met, like he said.
[Tom Turbiville]: And in four decades of taking care of people's teeth in the Brazos Valley,
[Tom Turbiville]: The number of people he met and knows and who know and love him has only grown.
[Tom Turbiville]: We salute him for not only his service in the U.S.
[Tom Turbiville]: Navy for 20 years, but his service to our health for 40 years in the Brazos Valley.
[Tom Turbiville]: I'm Tom Turbiville.
[Tom Turbiville]: Please join us next time on Veterans of the Valley.
[Gordon Pratt]: Thanks again.
[Music.]